Update README.md. Notice about the page link (#20)
skills/github-pages: README.md

1. Click **Pages**, in the "GitHub Pages" section, use the Source drop-down, then select **main branch**.
1. Wait about _one minute_, then refresh this page for the next step.
   > Turning on GitHub Pages creates a deployment of your repository. GitHub Actions may take up to a minute to respond while waiting for the deployment. Future steps will be about 20 seconds; this step is slower.

>   NOTE: Click **Visit site** to see your page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE**: In the **Pages** of **Settings**, the **Visit site** button will appear at the top. Click the button to see your GitHub Pages site.
```

>    > **NOTE**: In the **Pages** of **Settings**, the **Visit site** button will appear at the top. Click the button to see your GitHub Pages site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   > **Note**: In the **Pages** of **Settings**, the **Visit site** button will appear at the top. Click the button to see your GitHub Pages site.
```
